com/example/cortinapp/databinding/FragmentToDoBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.FragmentToDoBinding
com/example/cortinapp/room_database/VentasDAO_Impl.java
 com.example.cortinapp.room_database.VentasDAO_Impl
 com.example.cortinapp.room_database.VentasDAO_Impl$1
 com.example.cortinapp.room_database.VentasDAO_Impl$2
 com.example.cortinapp.room_database.VentasDAO_Impl$3
 com.example.cortinapp.room_database.VentasDAO_Impl$4
 com.example.cortinapp.room_database.VentasDAO_Impl$5
 com.example.cortinapp.room_database.VentasDAO_Impl$6
 com.example.cortinapp.room_database.VentasDAO_Impl$7
 com.example.cortinapp.room_database.VentasDAO_Impl$8
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/ActivityVentasBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.ActivityVentasBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/cortinapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.cortinapp.BuildConfig
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/FragmentAboutBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.FragmentAboutBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/ActivityNewTaskBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.ActivityNewTaskBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/ActivityArticulosBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.ActivityArticulosBinding
com/example/cortinapp/room_database/VentasDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.cortinapp.room_database.VentasDatabase_Impl
 com.example.cortinapp.room_database.VentasDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/FragmentVentasBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.FragmentVentasBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/ActivityMain2Binding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.ActivityMain2Binding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/NavHeaderDrawerBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.NavHeaderDrawerBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/FragmentNewTaskFragmentBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.FragmentNewTaskFragmentBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/FragmentDetailBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.FragmentDetailBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/ActivityDrawerBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.ActivityDrawerBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/ContentDrawerBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.ContentDrawerBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/TaskListItemsBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.TaskListItemsBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/ActivityToDoBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.ActivityToDoBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/AppBarDrawerBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.AppBarDrawerBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/cortinapp/databinding/ActivityRegistroBinding.java
 com.example.cortinapp.databinding.ActivityRegistroBinding
